#Divine Comedy

Collaborative MA/MSc modular FPS game

Khulamuzi Hlabangana

Intro to Game Programming & Intro to Modelling and Animation

Modular 1st Person Game using Unreal Engine

January 2017

Team Members: Andreas Karpasitis, Witek Gawlowsk, Nikita Veselov, Eddy Burton

Game Description: 

Divine Comedy is 1st person shooter where the player descends into the bowels of a hell, She is a 
neophyte angel who lost her wings, she was tasked to take care of halo’s however she accidentally drops 
the halos into a portal which travels to hell, so she breaks into the heaven vault and gets out a holy
blaster and dives after halos to hell. 
While falling, the player will use a gun to destroy obstructions which can sometime serve as platforms. 
Enemies throughout the game environment leaping across the planes to attack the player, but also you have
to aware of the danger of falling to your death and the gun has a knock back effect which reduces the players 
fall to allow for safe landings, there will be rest areas where the player can find wide open temples with 
collectibles just as health packs and ammo. There will be various weapon at least 3 for the game that have 
varying parameters for the player to use to interact with world, as quite a lot of objects will be 
destructible and might open hidden pathways

Weapon System: 

The weapons will have various effects in terms of damage, and knockback to give the player more tools to play 
with, each with their own strengths, however the knockback could also serve as your doom or savior.


Contributions:

I was solely responsible for modelling the rock assets, all texturing for both rock assets and but l 
worked collaboratively with Andreas he modelled the temple assets and I textured the temple assets. 
I decided it was best if I were to texture all the objects as l was aiming for a certain style and to
allow our work to be coherent in terms of art style. Andreas modelled the temple assets, worked on 
unreal blueprints to for the character, gun, and collectables, and with the great programmers Nikita 
and Witek their created an amazing cave generation algorithm and helped with a lot of technical issues
with game throughout the development of the game, l only wish I could done more.  Eddy came up with the
great idea of translating the game “Down Well” to a 3D version and then as a team we discussed the 
gameplay mechanics of how game would entail, unfortunately Eddy couldn’t contribute more due to technical issues. 

Conclusion:

This project provided a great amount of opportunity for me to grow and understand what it takes 
to design a game and how you should collaborate with the team so you know what we need in the 
game. I realized the importance of communication as l assumed too much, and spent too much 
time in texturing and instead l should have spent time helping Andreas build the level, as where
didn’t create appropriate modular caves to substitute the cubes with.



